fine,
Thank you for the plan I came here today.
Are you really following Sister Hong?
Of course I didn't, how could I.
Fortunately. Fortunately, right?
nothing?
Sister Hong is in the sea, which is also considered a character.
But you just want to rely on her, Apple Zhou family and his son,
But it's impossible.
This is between me and them,
You don't have to worry enough,
You have more important things now. What?
Ding Jing's trouble-free stocks
Especially the actions of Ci Wu in the market
Don't know
This time the thing came out to help me catch it.
Mom, is it hot?
How about me?
If you take the lead, I must take the straightest path forward.
Let me talk less about you before
But I also took the initiative to do it just for the sake of something happening.
I don’t know what happened this time
What are we doing together?
someone is behind
Is it because I can’t see it? In fact, I mean
Xiao Hu Shui’s family